Good good
par
Yeah yeah yeah
I was asked to discuss in various ways
Who is the greatest of sports cars and light cars
Which is the most correct dump truck and light government building and sports car
Or mini-cars and dump cars and sport
Do Which do you put out Te above
You know this is called individuality The mini car is no big deal compared to the dump truck
There is nothing to do
But it is you're thinking about things at that what the criteria
If you load your luggage , it's a dump truck if you hit it with power .
It may be sexy or speedy sport looks
But if you are good at turning, it's not a light car
Now we will have another monohydric dump truck and shape who is probably above Which is
Will the amount of the exhaust gas is not a dull and above
Which one is better as a car
It changes immediately depending on the use of the person who uses it
Now let's say once you have pros and cons human beings anyone I turn office
How do you use this
I can not load luggage that can not be loaded in a light vehicle turn station, but it is a small turn from that minute
If you specialize in a small alley special service
Attached either to the dump truck Toka other car
Alleyway dump truck I can part small you anymore I'm sorry but
You might be able to win with power Sports cars may be able to win with a date
Understand you or I something and mini cars to say such Fu the important thing is power Nante me
I will not
I wonder how sexy I am
There is no car strong in the path as I
I do but I think the people who do not use the place as'm not car
This is the difference
To my special ability
The difference between putting energy on all flights and not having ability
is
Love will be won when it comes to view
It's anyway not there Mote I I
It's'm thinking things at the reference of something so different
When I think from the perspective of my good point, there is always a point that is favored by heterosexuals
It has a the Tteyuu point of choice from the company in the same way
I found it there and it's already
When would said in like a form distort three months 7 pinpoint companies to come oc
It is not
Myself it can be seen that there is a important Nitsu need in society
And it it can be seen that can save a lot of people
But if you see here from the perspective of a dump truck
It is not true that no one can use it as much as I can not use it
is
The moment you look at something different from your true one, you just lose sight of the truth
It is often brainwashed there that you can not see your true self
Come on, pinch is often a chance
It becomes a weapon of the pinch The supervision always becomes a weapon
I wonder if I can be a rookie
Bloom in the lion and rabbit tried to fight with the most chiller in rabbits the lion
Not
Also win immediately hearing of the ear
I of where if either win
Asmen
Do not think regularly
Gonna shine
It is not that there is no
People who say that there is no power game place in the position of the Lion Grassman side
It's embarrassing No I I step with me right strapping and say what can I happen
Because there is no point of view whether there is a candidate with a big ear because it is big- 3
q only
I will be Sato When I change the point of view, I love the character I hate my character at all
It is that you become your own character